Update top page of web site and COPYING (#449)
spglib/spglib: doc/index.md

- Conda: <https://anaconda.org/conda-forge/spglib>
- PyPI: <https://pypi.org/project/spglib/>

## Contributors

> - Atsushi Togo (National Institute for Materials Science)
> - @lan496
> - @LecrisUT
> - [Even more people](https://github.com/spglib/spglib/graphs/contributors)

Reviewer: Personal preference, I like to put the external contributors front and center for any and all contributions they have
```suggestion
Spglib thrives from the contributions of the community, and we would like to thank each and every one of [the contributors][contributors] as well as everyone participating in the [issue] and [discussion] forums.

The current main developers of Spglib are:
- [Atsushi Togo] (National Institute for Materials Science)
- [Kohei Shinohara]
- [Cristian Le]

[contributors]: https://github.com/spglib/spglib/graphs/contributors
[issue]: https://github.com/spglib/spglib/issues
[discussion]: https://github.com/spglib/spglib/discussions
[Atsushi Togo]: https://github.com/atztogo
[Kohei Shinohara]: https://github.com/lan496
[Cristian Le]: https://github.com/LecrisUT
```

Do we have any honorable developer alumni that we should mention other than those in acknowledgments?

I don't mind using my real name here, but what about @lan496?

Author: Thanks @LecrisUT. My minimum aim was visualization of contributors' name considering academia case, but not limited for it if beneficial, although I have no idea right now. I don't need the line `[Atsushi Togo]: https://github.com/atztogo`, but I don't mean preventing others.

Reviewer: > I don't need the line [Atsushi Togo]: https://github.com/atztogo, but I don't mean preventing others.

Btw, that's markdown reference links meaning it is equivalent with:
```markdown
- [Atsushi Togo](https://github.com/atztogo) (National Institute for Materials Science)
```
If you prefer to not have a link, then don't forget to also remove the `[...]` around the reference above.

I would prefer mine to link to my GH profile right now.

> My minimum aim was visualization of contributors' name considering academia case, but not limited for it if beneficial, although I have no idea right now.

Indeed, but I also wanted that part to be a place where other people can find who to contact/credit with regards to the project at the current point in `develop` branch. That's why I've separated the section to be more explicit about the main developers.

Reviewer 2: I'm ok with the current list with my real name.

Author: @LecrisUT, I didn't understand markdown format. Now I see it by vscode how you changed. It is nice.

## Acknowledgments

Spglib development is supported by

> - National Institute for Materials Science

Reviewer: Specific grant or as part of your current position?

Author: I think both and may be something more if anything useful for contributors to keep contributing. This was to small start for my requirement. Maybe acknowledgement can have a dedicated page in the future 
 like https://www.aiida.net/sections/acknowledgements.html.

Reviewer: Indeed, I think just moving that section to below the individual's acknowledgments would be good.

If you can provide the logo and link, I can suggest some formatting changes to make it look better.

>> Specific grant or as part of your current position?
>
> I think both and may be something more if anything useful for contributors to keep contributing.

I meant to say, do you have a specific grant to put there, or is it supported in perpetuity as part of your current position. The current wording would indicate the latter, but I want to confirm just in case. I think it would be good to be a bit more specific about that aspect.

Author: I see. For me currently, this information is enough.
